[CAM-111108] Cloud Academy: review documentation explaining CAM user management (#2751)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Getting Started/getting-started-create-user.md

* **Activate User**: to enable a deactivated user
* **Delete User**: to remove the user from the system. If the user has existing assets (instances, boxes or providers) the confirmation pop-up window will ask the administrator to select a target workspace where the user assets will be transferred to.

> Depending on the state of the user options can be changed. If the user state is active, then available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the state of the user, the options may change. 

* If the user state is **active**, then available options are:
```

  ![Options of the user-active state](../../images/cloud-application-manager/management/options-active-users.png)

> If the user state is deactivated, then available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the user state is **deactivated**, then available options are:
```

  ![Options of the user-deactivated state](../../images/cloud-application-manager/management/options-deactivated-users.png)

> If the user state is invited, then available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the user state is **invited**, then available options are:
```

  ![Options of the user-invited state](../../images/cloud-application-manager/management/options-invited-users.png)

> If the user state is blocked, then available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the user state is **blocked**, then available options are:
```
